In this release, builds are only supported for Windows
with CodeWarrior 8 and for Mac OS X with XCode 2.3, which 
you can download for free if you register at 
http://developer.apple.com/ Later versions of CodeWarrior
should work as well; I'm not sure if earlier versions will
be able to import the project XML files.

Look in the Projects directory for the IDE projects.  The
built libraries, frameworks and program will be in the
appropriate subdirectory of the Arch directory.  Build the
Ogg, Vorbis and ZooLib libraries first, then Ogg Frog, as it
depends on each of them. 

My complex directory heirarchy seems to have stimulated
a bug in XCode which makes it impossible to use a Copy Files
build phase to copy the appropriate ogg and vorbis
frameworks for the build configuration into Ogg Frog's
application bundle.  For this release, I've set it to
always copy the Release frameworks.  In future releases I
think I can work around it by using a Run Script build phase
instead of the Copy Files.  

If you hack on the code, delete the two frameworks from
each target, then add the Debug frameworks to the Copy Files
phase, or else you won't be able to debug the decoder
libraries.

If you add support for a new development system, please place 
all products and object files under the Arch directory.  In
particular, please don't run the ./configure scripts in any
of the source directory.  For configure builds, write a 
script that symbolically links each source file into a
subdirectory of Arch and run configure there.  That's what
I'll do when I add support for Linux soon.

In the long run, I want to support as many platforms and
development systems as I possibly can.  Release 1.0 will
support all releases of Mac OS X, all Windows releases since
Windows 95, BeOS for both PowerPC and Intel, several
distributions of Linux for both PowerPC and Intel, and
possibly Classic Mac OS and FreeBSD (definitely in 1.1).

I also aim to support free compilers if they're available
for a platform.  Thus I will provide GNU Make/GCC builds
wherever it's supported (including MingW on Windows), BeOS 
CodeWarrior on BeOS for PowerPC and, if its C++ compiler is 
standards-compliant enough (I've heard in might not be),
Macintosh Programmer's Workshop on Classic Mac OS.

I'll also be providing Visual Studio 7 and 2005 workspaces
for Windows, and I expect Eclipse/GCC for most platforms.

I'll provide more detailed build instructions with the next
source release, and on the website when 1.0a1 is released.

Mike Crawford
rippit@oggfrog.com
http://www.oggfrog.com/

